Tina, baby.
You are so beautiful.
I know who you are.
You're with the demons.
And I detest spies.
Take her to the guesthouse!
Enjoy your stay!
Scumbag!
Tuck her in, boys!
Announcer: It's time for
what's cooking tonight?
And here are your hosts,
Melbourne's favorite chefs,
baggio and Jackie!
Thank you. Thank you.
Tonight we combine
the culinary arts
of the east and the west.
Ooh! Easy there, Jackie.
Baggio: First, knead the dough.
It's like giving your true love
a sensuous massage.
Then stretch the dough
and give it a twist.
Crowd: Ohh!
Ladies, if you want,
after the show,
Jackie will do the same
to your hair.
- Ah.
- Ohh.
Baggio: Now pull the dough
into fine spaghetti noodles.
The alchemist works his magic,
and before your very eyes,
a lump of dough is transformed
into delicious pasta!
For this bitch you betray me?
I1... 1 just...
How much did they pay you?
Nothing. I was drunk.
I didn't know she was a demon.
Some punk stole my coke
because you couldn't
control yourself?
I'll get it back. I swear.
Oh! No!
Boss, the demons are here!
I hear you have something
that belongs to me.
I don't think so!
Slut.
You set me up.
Careful!
I'm really good
at cutting things off.
Excuse me.
I thought we're here
to do some business.
Put 'em away.
Okay...
Mr. Giancarlo,
let's deal, huh?
Here's half a million.
You give me back what's mine,
I'll let you walk away,
no questions asked.
Half a million, huh?
How much do you want?
Giancarlo: All of it.
Ah-ah-ah...
All of it, 10 million.
What's the world coming to
when a businessman has to pay
to buy back his own stuff?!
Your stuff, huh?
Only stuff I got is mine!
You want it? You pay the price.
You call on me
when you're ready to deal.
You bitch!
Go to hell!
You first!
Demon: Come on.
Let's get out of here!
Who the hell...
Get them!
Hurry up!
Richard, hurry!
Richard!
Go!
Thug: Get your ass...
Out of my way.
Go, go, go!
- What's this?
- Girl and guy dropped it.
- Where's the tape?
- The girl took it.
Well, get her!
Get her!
- I want that tape!
- Right.
And I want this place spotless.
Let's go.
Move aside!
What the...
Hey, hey, hey. What's going on?
Ah! Look out!
Why are they after you?
I don't know. I didn't do
anything to them.
Thug: There she is!
Oh.
You ok?
- Huh?
- Empty.
Huh? Oh.
Now it's empty!
Oh!
Go.
Keep looking! Over there!
Oh!
What?
Sorry.
- Oh!
- Aah!
Whoa. You're fast.
- There they are!
- Let's go! Come on.
Climb! Go up!
Quick! Let's...
- How'd you...
- Let's go, let's go.
How did he do that?
Why can't I get through?
This time, you go your way,
I go my way, okay?
Okay.
Which way are you going?
= I'm going that way.
Bye-bye!
Hey!
I don't even know her!
You understand?
Huh?
Thank you, thank you.
Ice cream!
Please let me hide here.
Shh.
Go on, look around.
Have you seen a Chinese guy?
Yeah... me!
Not you. Another Chinese guy.
Ok. Right here!
Hey...
He's here!
Why did you do that?
I thought you were playing.
Would you like some ice cream?
I now pronounce you
husbands and wives!
Woman: My god! Watch out!
Sorry. Sorry.
Ooh! Ooh! Ooh!
Whoa! Hey!
This way!
Damn it!
Don't worry. I know that guy.
Sorry. Sorry.
Quickly!
Over here! Quick!
My tape!
Whoqo!
- I think we got away.
- I hope so. You ok?
Yes. How about you?
I'm fine, but my poor car.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Oh, it's ok.
Thanks for coming to my rescue.
You're welcome.
By the way...
I'm Diana.
I'm Jackie.
Jac...
I know you.
You do that cooking show.
- Yes.
- Jackie.
You're a nice guy.
Huh. I'm nice guy.
Oh, be sure to watch me
on the big story tonight.
Big story? I seen it.
Bye!
Man on machine:
It's Jeremy from channel 13.
Well, where's your
exclusive? Call me.
Woman on machine:
Hi, it's Annie at global.
Heard you got a hot story.
We can definitely do better
than those cheap bastards at 13.
- Hi.
- Hi, lakeisha.
- Grandpa!
Hi, Sonny. Hi, Nancy.
- Ahh.
- Dad...
How are you?
I'm still kicking.
Jackie: Open the door, please!
Hi.
Baggio: Hey, Jackie.
Hi, everybody.
- Hi.
- Hey.
Hi, Sonny and Nancy. Whoo!
Hey, Jackie,
you're looking sharp, man.
Sharp? I'm lucky to be here.
Why?
I was shopping,
and I was shot at
by the gangsters.
Oh, my god.
Jackie: They were
chasing a woman.
They thought she was with me.
Was anybody hurt?
No. My poor car
is full of holes.
Where'd this happen, downtown?
- It did.
- Who was this woman?
Her name's Diana.
Oh, she said to watch
the big story tonight.
You know,
I should take this down
soi can file a report.
Put that away. You're off duty.
I don't want to talk
about it now.
For this bitch you betray me?
This is so cool!
I wanna watch the cartoons.
Hey!
Grandpa! Grandpa!
Sonny's pushing me!
Ah, come on! Be nice to
your little sister, don't fight.
Come on, we'll go and watch
Jackie cook dinner.
- Yeah!
- Yes?
Announcer:
On what's cooking tonight
oh, my god.
Baggio: First, knead the dough.
It's like giving your true love
a sensuous massage.
Then...
Who is it?
It's Richard.
Richard?
Sorry. I...
Baggio: Now pull the dough
into fine spaghetti...
Hold it. This ain't the tape.
Where's the tape?
I don't know.
Maybe this will
refresh your memory.
Wait! Wait.
It's-it's with that guy.
What guy?
The guy who saved me.
Let's go!
Don't do that again, bitch!
Don't try anything stupid.
Whatever you say.
Sorry.
Sorry? You trying to
get a cheap thrill?
What?
Don't stand there
acting innocent.
Did you get a good feel?
Hey! That's ok. You can go.
Move it.
Don't push me!
That guy's trying to cop a feel.
Hurry it up!
What's the hurry?
You men are all the same.
You can't wait, can you?
Can't wait to see
what you've paid for.
No worries, mate.
Oh, what's this?
A gun? Ooh! Kinky!
Out of my way!
Man: You idiot!
Come on. Get up.
Come on, this way.
They've gone.
- Where's the phone?
- Over there.
Lakeisha: I can't wait to see
what's on the big story tonight.
What do you think of
Jackie's new recipes?
Mmm. Delicious.
Hey, you never say that
about my cooking.
Dad, I've been eating your
cooking for 30 years, okay?
My marriage
only lasted five. Hmm?
So you think in a marriage, food
is more important than love?
Well, that's the way it is.
If he had taken my advice
and become a chef,
she wouldn't have left him.
Grandpa, you always say
being a chef is the best.
Yeah, and that being a cop
is too dangerous.
And the kitchen is a safe place.
That's right. That's why
Jackie's not a cop.
That's true.
Jackie's dad and I
were best friends.
We owned a restaurant together.
And before he died, I promised
I would take care of Jackie
and keep him out of danger.
So, as long as I'm around,
Jackie's going to be a chef,
not a cop.
Well, that's too bad
you and Jackie's dad
didn't bother asking him.
And it's too bad that my own son
doesn't listen to me
the way Jackie does.
I think I go get dessert.
Dad? Can I be anything
I want to when I grow up?
We'll talk about that
when you get older.
Newscaster: Tomorrow,
more sunshine and slightly
warmer temperatures.
Strange. The big story
is not on tonight.
So where's your mystery woman?
I don't know.
What are you doing
tomorrow morning?
I'm taking a load
of videos to the show.
Why, what do you want?
Can you take me to the airport?
Oh, come on.
Okay. Have I ever
turned you down?
Thank you.
Sonny, Nancy!
Come on. We're going!
Sonny, we're leaving! Come on!
C'mon, Sonny! We're leaving!
He's dead.
Son of a bitch! Son of a bitch!
Oh, I'm gonna kill that bastard!
He's gonna pay for this.
Murdered grank,
Tina's missing.
Giancarlo, you're a dead man.
I'll teach you
to screw with the demons.
Mm-hmm.
I'm gonna shove these
up Giancarlo's ass.
I'm gonna kill them all!
Shut up!
Or you'll get us all killed.
Bitch.
Look at you.
Who do you wanna kill,
me or Giancarlo?
I want him dead,
we all want him dead.
But we've gotta find a way
to get to him.
Then we wait for
the right moment
and then we kill the bastard!
How long is she staying?
I don't know.
If she likes it,
she may stay longer.
Are you going to marry her?
Maybe.
Well, do you love her?
Of course.
How do you feel about me?
I like you.
We've been together a long time.
How come you never
asked me out on a date?
We work together,
we eat together.
That's enough.
What's wrong with you?
You know what's wrong.
I do?
Miki.
- What?
- Jackie!
Miki!
This is my assistant, lakeisha.
Nice to meet you.
Hl there.
You speak mandarin? Great!
What'd you say?
Huh?
She only
speaks a little. Let's go.
I'm so excited.
Lakeisha on P.A.:
Ladies and gentlemen,
please put your hands together
for everyone's favorite
culinary cut-ups,
baggio and Jackie!
Welcome to the 10th annual
"feed the hungry" benefit.
Thank you for opening
your hearts...
And your wallets...
To help the needy.
You eat today so that
they can eat tomorrow.
Baggio: Mmm. Jackie,
I smell money out there.
After the show, stop by
and purchase your
personally autographed
cooking with baggio
and Jackie video.
And, of course,
all of our proceeds
go directly
to "feed the hungry."
Anybody hungry?
You.
Baggio: Sit. Relax.
Open wide!
Ah! Over here, Jackie.
Here we go.
It's really good!
Ah, Jackie. Miki.
Careful.
Don't get egg on your face.
Ah. Up here, Jackie.
Incoming!
Me! Me!
Uh, you want more?
- Go, go, go.
- Huh?
Trouble's coming.
What? What trouble?
Go. Quick. Go.
Gentlemen,
please take your seat.
You'll get your turn.
Stop it!
Call security.
Quick, stop it.
Call the police!
Where's the tape?
- What tape?
- The video!
Oh, video?
Over there, for sale.
Oh, my god. What should we do?
Call an ambulance.
Uh, free!
There are too many
innocent people down there.
There he goes! After him!
This way!
Hurry! He's up there!
Hey, move it!
Look out!
Move it!
Hey!
Whoa, whoa! Oh, no, whoa!
Jackie!
Oh!
Excuse me!
- Miki!
- Huh?
Lift up!
Oh! Look out!
Hey!
- Yaah!
- Oh!
Hurry!
They're catching up!
Take this.
Jackie, help!
Miki!
Jackie: Miki!
No!
What do you want with that guy?
Videotape.
Wait!
Thief! I'm gonna
split your skull.
Wait. I can explain.
You can explain it to the cops.
I'm not a thief!
I'm looking for something
that belongs to me.
Uh-huh.
I got it right here.
It's okay
if your suitcase is lost.
As long as you're okay.
You're still shaking.
I thought
we were going to die back there.
Why are they so angry with you?
What did you do?
I didn't do anything!
It's just one big
misunderstanding.
Diana: Enough, you psycho!
Stop! Stop!
You're trashing my place!
It's not my fault.
She's doing the trashing.
And now I'm going
to trash your butt!
Wait!
Ow! Ow!
Stop it!
Look at my place!
How could you do this to me
after I saved your life?
I'm sorry.
Look, I dropped a videotape
in your car yesterday,
and I have to get it back.
That must be the video
the gangsters wanted.
You didn't give it
to them, did you?
No!
Good. Just give it to me.
I don't have it.
- What?
You have to, because
when I got home,
I had one of your stupid
cooking videos.
Stupid?
I'm sorry, I can't help you.
Please.
I've got to have that tape.
I'll do anything.
I'll bet you will.
What do you mean, do anything?
Not what you think.
If I had the tape,
I would give it to you.
You should go to the police.
I'd be happy to take her.
Please just go.
You don't understand...
I understand. I know.
My vase?
Oh. Sorry.
It's ok. I can fix it.
Jackie, if you could
just help me.
You're my last hope...
This happens often?
Only occasionally.
Occasionally?
She's gone out of our lives.
They're coming.
They're gonna kill me.
What?
You're right.
Is there another way out?
Yes. Follow me.
Jackie: Every time
I see you, trouble.
This way.
Lakeisha: Wait.
Be careful.
Diana: Wait.
Wait for me.
That's the way out?
Yes.
Don't worry.
I'll go first.
This is the other way out?
Yeah. Are you scared?
No.
Sorry.
- Go.
- Diana: I'll go. Ok.
Shit!
- Shit. Shit.
- Ow!
- Ow. What?!
- Nothing, nothing.
Okay.
Shit, shit...
- Need any help?
- No.
- Okay. See you later.
- Okay.
Hey.
Why did you stop?
I'm afraid of heights!
- Why didn't you tell me before?
- I just found out!
Come on!
Listen.
Look straight.
Now what?
Close your eyes.
Ay-yow!
- Ohh!
Well done!
Hold still.
Hey! That's the guy
that's got the tape.
Come on.
Miki!
I can't believe
this is happening.
Miki, are you okay?
I'll arrange a safe house
for you all to stay in.
You mean like a jail?
No, thanks.
Jackie, I know you can
take care of yourself,
but what about the other 3?
Hey, I'm sticking with Jackie
until I get my tape back.
Where are you going
to stay, Jackie?
Anywhere...
Like lakeisha's place.
What? My place?
Any problem with that?
No, no. No problem.
You know, you're all welcome.
It'll be like a party.
See? No problem.
Jackie, be careful.
Giancarlo: Well, gentlemen,
you asked for a meeting.
We've lost a lot of business.
There's no product to sell.
How can I keep my men
if 1 can't pay them?
People don't respect us anymore.
The vietnamese are moving in
on our territory.
Man: Damn it, Giancarlo,
you've got to do something.
Soon, we'll have nothing left.
Gentlemen, thank you
for your concerns,
but I assure you business
will continue as usual.
You may go.
Keeps his house so clean
you can't even fart.
I'm sorry, boss.
We didn't get the tape,
and 4 of our guys got blown up.
What?
Either I get the tape,
or you'll never be seen again!
Excuse me, boss.
There's a phone call for you.
Yeah?
I've got
your cocaine and the tape.
3 P.M. tomorrow, at the golden
gardens construction site.
Oh?
The price is doubled.
Thank you very much.
Oh, let me do that.
Oh, thank you.
What did I do wrong?
How did things get like this?
I need to cheer up.
Don't let Jackie worry.
Ah, yeah. Don't move.
Let me move.
Yes, yes. Oh, that feels good.
Ahh. Oh, yes. Ohh.
Jackie.
What is it?
What are you doing?
Washing dishes.
I need to buy something.
Now?
It's been crazy since I landed.
I lost my luggage.
I need underwear.
It's late.
All the shops are closed.
What is she saying?
Oh. She just wants
to buy some clothes.
Not a problem.
She's a bit smaller
than me, but, uh..
Oh, I've got something that
should fit her just fine.
She said...
That I had small breasts.
She didn't say you were small,
just that you have similar bodies.
I heard her say "small".
My english is poor, but
I understand the word "small".
Hers are small, too.
She did say "small"...
But she didn't mean small.
What are you guys talking about?
Oh.
Oh, she said, "thank you
for your generosity."
Oh. Come with me.
Don't be shy.
Think.
Did you go anywhere
else yesterday?
No!
Lakeisha and I are just friends.
Don't be jealous.
I'm not.
But you looked intimate...
L.so I misunderstood.
So should I be mean to her?
Of course not.
Traveling so far, I just
don't want to be disappointed.
You definitely won't.
Really?
No problem.
The weather here is beautiful.
What?
Didn't you come with no clothes?
Oh, stop.
Who are you?
Where's the tape?
Oh, my god. You want
the tape, too?
If you find it, please take it!
Find it!
Just don't hurt anyone.
What happened?
- Man: Cops!
- Huh?
What's the matter with you?
- Bathroom.
- Just hold it.
Ok.
Don't try anything funny now.
I won't, I won't, I won't.
Cops!
Come on, let's go.
Take her!
Miki: Jackie! Jackie!
The phone is gonna ring
in 12 hours.
Be ready to trade.
What happened?
They took miki.
All units, this is
captain Morrison.
Don't anyone make a move
without my order.
Listen up. Stay out of sight
until the hostage is safe.
Ami clear?
Hello?
Trace that call.
Where are you?
I'm in Chinatown.
I'm ready to trade.
Victoria market.
Unit 4, go to Victoria market.
Can you see Melbourne central?
Yes I can.
Morrison: C'mon.
He's on the move.
There he is.
Officer: This is unit 4.
We're at Victoria market.
- Check that out.
- You got it.
I'm at Melbourne central.
St. kilda beach.
You see the tram stop?
Unit 1. St. kilda beach.
Hop on the St. kilda beach tram.
I'm on the tram.
Any tricks, and we'll
kill your girlfriend.
No, no, no. No tricks.
Don't hurt her.
Hello?
Get off the tram now.
What about St. kilda beach?
Do as I say. Get off.
Unit 2, exhibition centre. Copy?
Copy.
They're playing with us.
All units, focus in on Jackie.
I warned you. I'm in charge.
Now back off.
Can't you see?
They're running us around.
All units focus in on Jackie.
Remember...
Behave yourself.
Hey, watch it!
Say hello to your boyfriend.
Jackie! Jackie!
Jackie!
Miki.
Take it easy.
Hostage spotted...
North side.
All agents converge on Jackie.
Not so close.
Get back. You're too close.
Cops.
Damn.
No! No! Jackie!
Hey, stop it!
Hey!
Whoa!
Here!
Come on! - Jackie, help!
Jackie!
Help!
Move it!
Damn it!
Where are they?
It's over!
Stop following me!
Let's go.
Jackie! Jackie, look,
I'm sorry, ok?
You promised me she'd be safe.
Damn, I didn't think
they'd be so smart.
- No. You're stupid!
- Stupid?
They saw your agents!
What?
Look.
It's stupid!
Those vests are regulation!
I won't jeopardize
the safety of my men!
Their safety? What about miki?
I told you, but you
never listened to me!
Damn you! How can I
get miki back?
They were following my orders!
- Your stupid orders!
- Jackie, cool down, ok?
I promise we'll get miki back.
I'll get her back.
You just stay out of my way.
If you interfere
in police business,
I'll have you arrested.
Arrest me? Go ahead!
Go ahead!
Jackie.
Jackie!
Jackie, don't worry.
They'll call.
They need that tape.
What if they don't call?
Yeah?
You!
Diana: Hey!
Diana: Stop!
What are you
looking at, fat boy?
Somebody need help?
Yeah, you!
What happened?
Huh? I'm too nosy.
- Are you all right?
- No!
Wait. I don't care
what you do to me,
just let her go!
Let's keep him until we're sure
this is the right tape.
It's the right tape. Let her go.
If you're jerking us around,
you and your girlfriend
are in trouble.
I'm gonna check the tape.
And if it's not
the right tape, you're dead!
Matt, take the tape.
Not my business.
Watch the knife.
Whoa! Whoa!
Where's my girlfriend?
Where is she?
Say it!
At the golden gardens
construction site.
Jackie.
Let me go!
Tell me what happened!
Just let me go!
Let him go.
Let him go!
I'm innocent. I
didn't do nothing.
Police brutality.
You're all my witnesses.
Hit me. Go ahead. Go on, hit me.
My pleasure.
Did you see that? He hit me!
- He hit me!
- And your mother too!
Diana: Oh, there's Jackie.
Stop. Stop!
Clean up this mess.
You two stay here.
- Wait.
- 1 think that...
What... what we...
Don't touch me.
Touch her again...
And I cut "em off.
Where's my girlfriend?!
Wait! You demon!
Giancarlo's men! Run!
Quick! Over here!
You're a pretty one.
Where's my cocaine?
You'll have to speak up.
I can't hear you.
I used it to powder my nose.
Hah! Let me see if
I can communicate
a little more effectively, then.
Where's the tape?
And where's my cocaine?
I don't have the tape!
No tape? Well, then,
where's my cocaine?
No! Stop!
What happens to us
if 1 tell you?
You're free to go.
Oh, you have my word.
The two crates...
In that room.
We found it!
All of it.
She's all yours, boys.
Go! Save yourself!
Run!
What happened?
The girl, she got away.
Who cares?
Boss, the Chinese cook,
he's upstairs.
The Chinese cook?
So who are you?
I-1-I'm miki.
Jackie's my boyfriend.
Oh, Jackie.
Well, how about that?
I must be living right.
Take her!
Put that in the car.
Stand over there.
You're gonna get us killed.
Lakeisha, you're
my star witness.
I'll get help.
Don't hit me! Don't hit me!
Don't hit me! Don't!
That way!
Grab one!
Jackie!
- Jackie!
Throw her over.
- No!
No! Don't!
Hey! What the hell
are you doing?
You heard the man. He said no.
Put her down.
Jackie.
Finally we meet.
Try not to get
any dirt on my car.
Go!
Hey!
Daddy!
My dear, hmm?
Hey, Sonny!
Daddy!
Hey, what's so
interesting on TV?
What's the world coming to
when a businessman
has to pay to buy back
his own stuff?!
Your stuff, huh?
Hey, hey, hey. Where'd
you get the tape?
At grandpa's house.
Uncle Jackie brought it.
Hello, this is Romeo.
What? How bad are they hurt?
I'm on my way.
What happened?
Jackie and the two girls were
captured by Giancarlo.
Now, if you wanna save
them, you'd better hurry.
Thanks.
Romedo.
Remember. It's my exclusive.
This is all the information
we have on Giancarlo.
Great. Thanks. I owe you one.
Yeah, I won't forget.
I can't even sit?
Look at you.
The boss is very meticulous
about his home.
Hand over the tape.
I don't have it!
Hey!
Leave him alone.
It's at my friend's.
So? Call him.
Come on, Romeo.
Answer the phone.
Where are you?
Hl. It's Jackie.
Remember the tape I gave you?
You ever seen it? Good.
Can you bring it to me?
Address?
What's the address?
Anybody knows the address?
They won't tell me.
I'll come get it. Yes.
See you later.
Don't go anywhere.
I'll be there soon. Okay.
He found the tape.
But I have to go get it, okay?
See you soon.
Jackie!
Giancarlo:
Jackie! Jackie! Jackie!
No! Stop!
Miki!
You like to play games?
Fine.
Let's play one of mine.
The judge is looking
at the tape right now.
You're too emotionally involved.
We're really close to
breaking this wide open.
I don't want a loose Cannon
jeopardizing the case.
So I'm here to make sure
there are no more screw-ups.
Now, I want you to cool down.
Mm-hmm.
Well, here's your chance.
Show me what you got.
Aw, real sweet punch.
Almost got me.
What am I paying you idiots for?
He almost got me that time!
Don't mind the ropes.
Take your best shot.
Don't spit in my house.
No, no, no, no, no! Don't pull!
No, no, no, no, no. Pull! Pull!
Miki: Jackie!
Useless!
Idiot!
- Boss!
- What?
Luigi and the others,
they're here.
Forget the damn tape.
Take him to the guesthouse!
- Out of the way!
- Yes, boss.
Luigi.
They might as well
give us condoms.
Take the girls over there.
I'll look after this one.
Lakeisha: Look out!
Get in! Get in! Get in!
Quick, quick, quickly!
Jackie!
Get out!
Remember, stay cool.
What do you want?
We want to see Giancarlo.
Well, maybe he doesn't
want to see you.
Giancarlo: Hey, hey, hey.
That kind of rudeness
simply will not be tolerated.
You wish to see me?
Captain Morrison, nea.
This is Romeo baggio.
Where's Jackie?
If you've done anything to him...
I have no idea
who you're talking about.
- Is your name Jackie?
- No.
- You Jackie?
- You? You?
- No!
I know you.
You're the city's
biggest drug lords.
Well, what exactly
are you gonna do about it?
You have any evidence? No?
Then you can leave.
Jackie! Jackie!
Hold it! Hold it!
I told you to cool it!
You know the law.
I could shoot you
like a dog for trespassing.
Relax.
Let's get out of here.
Come on. Let's go.
Can you believe those two?
That romeoqo's got big brass ones.
Or he'll find them hung
on his Christmas tree.
What's that doing here?
Hey! It's Jackie!
Yeah, I know it's Jackie.
He's okay.
Jackie.
Giancarlo.
Hey!
Do something!
All right, Jackie!
Who?
Sorry, captain.
Who is that guy, anyway?
Did you see anything?
No, captain,
I didn't see anything.
Right.
You, uh, boys see anything?
All: No, sir.
Captain, we got the evidence to
put Giancarlo away for good.
Take him away.
Jackie, we got here
as soon as we could.
- Really, we did.
- Yeah, right.
Honest!
Shut up. I'm lucky to be here.
I was shopping, and I was
shot by the gangsters.
Lakeisha: Oh, my god!
Who's the dialogue?
You.
My dialogue?
Aah!
Now I'm nervous.
When I speak english,
I'm nervous!
Aah!
Shut up. I'm...
Shut up. I'm lucky to be here.
What do you smile for?
Just happy, ah.
Ok.
Ah!